will soon find itself our victim once
more Oh red hero save us from the brink
of extinction if you can't do it
who me beautiful Joe left us all
wondering and asking the same thing
what does beautiful mean exactly well
whatever it is I'm sure it's a fitting
adjective for Joe Joe and Sylvia part of
the so called Capcom 5 beautiful Joe
left a lasting impact on most who played
it with it's incredibly addicting mix of
beat-em-up gameplay superpowers and love
of movies Joe was just a crazy movie fan
whose girlfriend Sylvia got sucked into
the movie itself and he became beautiful
to rescue her and now for the sequence
not much has changed simply going with
the safe route of more awesome beautiful
action
an alien group has taken control of
movie land and are out to capture the
rainbow Oscars Joe and Sylvia now team
up and become beautiful Joe and sexy
Sylvia to fight them in save movie land
simple plot yes but it works well with
the light-hearted don't take things too
seriously nature of the game Joe and
Sylvia will have to fight against the
aliens through multiple different movie
reels each taking its name from famous
movies there are titles like ten million
years BC the Statue of Doom and my
favorite Do Androids Dream of romantic
scenes if the last one doesn't make
sense to you you need to brush up on
your philip k dick but the story allows
is for the dynamic duo to fight against
dinosaurs in tanks again this game does
not take itself seriously what it does
take seriously is the gameplay it is the
same as the first title in that it is a
beat'em up that is played in a 2d space
but with wonderful 3d graphics the
graphics in game play go together very
well
Joe is capable of all his superpowers to
fight against the enemies he can slow
things down speed up the hyper speed
that will catch him on fire and zoom in
for more focused attacks you will have
to use each power appropriately to deal
with enemies and solve the puzzles but
this time Joe is not alone instead of
playing damsel in distress
Sylvia joins in she has the same
abilities but with some extra that make
her play better in some situations along
the way you will collect score bonuses
and V points that can be spent to buy
new moves health bonuses and powers
beautiful Joe 2 is more and better
beautiful Joe and sexy Sylvia the
gameplay hasn't seen any major changes
with Sylvia being fresh but surprisingly
familiar it is a great mix of fun
gameplay humor and great style although
I still don't know what it means this
game really is beautiful